# AI-ENABLED-HEALTHCARE-CHATBOT
## AIM:
To create a AI ENABLED HEALTHCARE CHATBOT using python.
## ABSTRACT:
Machines are becoming capable of performing tasks like humans in this age of Artificial Intelligence. The most vital aspect of living a healthy life is health care, and the most difficult aspect is finding a doctor's consultant. Everyone cannot afford to visit a doctor for every health issue. The objective of the proposed research work is to design or build a Healthcare chat bot in AI to assist in determining the patient's health and providing basic information before contacting a doctor, but only for minor issues. Using a medical chat bot will save healthcare costs while also increasing medical knowledge. 


Our python-based system connects patients with the chatbot that will help them give the correct answers and precautions to their questions. It is developed with the aim to provide helpful information instantly, especially in times when every second is important. The system will also help the users find doctors, clinics, and hospitals nearby their location in emergencies. Healthcare chatbots are AI-powered virtual assistants that provide personalized support to patients and healthcare providers. They are designed to simulate human-like conversation, enabling patients to interact with them as they would with a real person. Chatbots can be used in various healthcare settings, such as hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies, to provide medical information, schedule appointments.The objective of the proposed research work is to design or build a Healthcare chat bot in AI to assist in determining the patient's health and providing basic information before contacting a doctor, but only for minor issues. Using a medical chat bot will save healthcare costs while also increasing medical knowledge.

